Next year, most likely, the company acquired the mobile phone game play: the objectives of the top ten potential

 

Next year, the company probably has acquired the mobile game: the top ten potential targets 
According to foreign media, in October of this year mobile phone industry mergers and acquisitions game often. DENA spend 400 million U.S. dollars acquisition Ngmoco iPhone game developers, who get 10 times the income. EA $ 20,000,000 in cash Chillingo mobile games publisher, Sony VGP-BPS 22 Chillingo of the leading mobile games, is “an angry bird,” the editor. Now, all who are concerned, is the next target purchase. recent Nielsen data shows that in August this year, the iPhone of Apple with 26% share accounted for by the U.S. smartphone market, RIM for the first time. Google mobile OS faster growth, which represents 32% of marché.Que available in IOS (iPhone, iTouch and iPhone) or Android, the game is very popular. Mobile phone games in the last 30 days 61% of users of smartphones and the United States to play 54% of mobile phone users in the UK. Ultimately, this led to the takeover of the oil industry of mobile gaming out crazy. The following are the most likely until 2011, the acquisition of mobile game: Rovio: Finnish mobile game developer, the iPhone game “bird in anger” in a number of countries at the top, over 30 million downloaded, including $ 10,000 000 paid downloads. The game is a monthly business applications available through advertising and paid about U.S. $ 500000-700000 revenus.Unity 3D: 3D cinema business on television, laptops, mobile phones has been extended and console games. Unity 3D provides developers a platform for fast 3D gaming, these games for Internet, television, games consoles and mobile phones. 3D unit in the world has 20 million registered developers including EA, Disney, etc.Greystripe: mobile advertising market this year, a significant growth that is expected from Apple $ 250,000,000 acquisition of Quattro Wireless and the acquisition of $ 750,000,000 . Google AdMob reasons in the other players, buy Greystripe is the application of the strong built-in advertising Greystripe is certainly a good affaire.Gypsii .. GyPSii can do well and Foursquare Twitter micro-blogging is hot, but not yet considered to be profitable. GyPSii is a mixture of subscription and advertising revenue share model to inspire the carrier partners. In less than two years with China GyPSii three major tour operator has carried out in cooperation with nearly 300 million users, with Nokia, LG, Samsung, Lenovo and Huawei coopération.Aurora trick to achieve. While Apple has its own social gaming network, but many game companies have a large mobile user base established Aurora Feint uses multi-platform, with IOS (iPhone, iTouch, iPhone), Android, and even cloud of cooperation between games. Aurora Feint is heavy traffic in the United States -3400 games and more than 4.5 million players. Mobile phone is not just a place on the field, but also attracted major Japanese game companies in China and investment Vivox. The company was founded to developers and social networking and voice help chat, video, instant messaging and other integration platforms. Annual up to 25 million unique users per month to 20 billion minutes of voice chat. The future is in the big games publishers to develop virtual worlds or networks sociaux.Backflip Studios. more business downloads of iPhone games over four million copies and is one of the App Store Backflip Studios download the latest version of nearly 50 million active users is far more important day 200 volumes, the company has revenue source stable.Free App A Day. free app a day is paid an incentive iPhone and Android gaming sites, applications and community platform company of more than. 100 million active users jour.Smule .. none of the music society iPhone applications IPad almost 91% of users who have downloaded the application, two thirds of the fee IPAD think platform for the company a success, the people, the company is to become the next film, Sony VGP-BPS15, Slide In August of this year from Google for 182 million acquisition Flurry .. Although elements of gambling in virtual social network is a very hot, but the trend is spreading to mobile phone games. As part of the network, with over 50,000 iPhone and Android developers.

According to foreign media reports, in October of this year, mergers and acquisitions mobile game industry often. DENA spend 400 million U.S. dollars acquisition Ngmoco iPhone game developers, who get 10 times the income. EA $ 20,000,000 in cash game mobile editor Chillingo Chillingo is the leading mobile phone games, “a bird in anger,” the publisher. 
Now all who are concerned about the next takeover target. recent Nielsen data shows that in August this year, the iPhone of Apple with 26% share accounted for by the U.S. smartphone market, RIM for the first time. Google mobile operating system faster growth account for 32% of the market. 
Whether IOS (iPhone, iTouch and iPhone) or Android, the game is very popular. In the past 30 days to 61% of users of smartphones United States and 54% of mobile phone users in the UK to play mobile games. Ultimately, this led to the takeover of the oil industry of mobile gaming out crazy. The following are the most likely to be 2011, the acquisition of mobile game: 
Rovio: Finnish mobile game developer, the iPhone game “bird in anger” in a number of countries in the first place, on 30 million of which was $ 10 Downloads downloaded paid. The game is a monthly business applications available through advertising and paid about U.S. $ 500000-700000 revenue 
Unity 3D. 3D cinema business on television, laptops, mobile phones and games consoles extended. Unity 3D provides developers a platform for fast 3D gaming, these games for Internet, television, games consoles and mobile phones. 3D unit in the world has 20 million registered developers, including EA, Disney, etc. 
Greystripe. Mobile advertising market this year, a significant growth that is expected from Apple $ 250,000,000 Purchase of Quattro Wireless and the acquisition of $ 750,000,000 Google AdMob reasons. In the other players Greystripe is the application of the strong built-in advertising. Buy Greystripe is certainly a good deal 
GyPSii. GyPSii can be good and be Twitter Four Square. Micro-blogging is hot, but not yet profitable. GyPSii is a mixture of subscription and advertising revenue share model to inspire carrier partners. Within two years of GyPSii China has carried out to achieve three major operators in cooperation with nearly 300 million users of Nokia, LG, Samsung, Lenovo and Huawei cooperation 
Aurora Feint. While Apple has its own social gaming network, but many mobile games companies have established a large user base. Aurora Feint uses a multi-platform, HP Compaq 6720s battery IOS (iPhone, iTouch, iPhone), Android, and even cloud of cooperation between games. Aurora Feint is heavy traffic in the United States -3400 games and more than 4.5 million mobile phone players. Not just a place in the field, but also major Japanese game companies in China and investment attracted.

Vivox: The company was founded to developers and social networking and voice help chat, video, instant messaging and other integration platforms. Business to 25 million unique users per month to 20 billion minutes of voice chat. The future is in big game publishers, virtual worlds and social networks 
Backflip Studios develop. More Business Development downloads of iPhone games over four million copies and is one of the App Store. Backflip Studios to download the latest version of nearly 50 million active users per day 200 million euros. More importantly, the company has stable revenue source.
Free App A Day: Free App A tag is paid an incentive iPhone and Android gaming sites, applications and community platform. The company has more than 100 million active users per day 
Smule. Unprecedented Music Society iPhone applications. IPad almost 91% of users who have downloaded the application, two thirds of the fee. IPAD is a platform for the company a success. People think the company will be the next film, foil in August this year by Google for 182 million acquisition 
Flurry. Although elements are called the virtual social network game in a very, but the trend is spreading to mobile phone games. As part of the network, with over 50,000 iPhone and Android developers.
<> Battery Sony Vaio VGN-FZ / a> Sony VGP-BPS8 ), Compaq, IBM and Lenovo, Acer, Apple, Toshiba, Fujitsu, ASUS and so on.